in this tutorial we will review just how
easy it is to use stamps calm online to
print usps shipping labels for any mail
class domestic or international so what
is a stamps.com shipping label it's a
custom printed USPS postage label that
includes postage return address delivery
address a barcode for tracking and can
also include a personal message stamps
calm shipping labels also allow for
hidden postage so only you know the
postage fees paid stamps.com shipping
labels can be printed on plain paper as
well as a wide variety of label sheets
or rolls and can be used to ship all
kinds of packages boxes large envelopes
bubble mailers they can also be used to
ship the very popular USPS flat rate
boxes and envelopes so how do you print
a usps shipping label with stamps comm
it's easy
first select print postage in the blue
navigation bar at the top of your screen
now select your mail piece if you are
not using a flat rate box or envelope
here's where you enter the weight you
can do it manually or if you have a
stamps comm scale simply press the read
digital scale button or select the auto
check box and the weight of your mail
piece will be displayed automatically if
required enter your mail piece
dimensions then select what you will
print on plain paper or a label sheet
check that your return address and the
country are mailing to are correct then
enter the delivery address either
manually or from your address book
stamps.com automatically verifies and
corrects all domestic addresses to
ensure your package arrives at the
correct destination click here to have
stamps Compson your recipient an email
with tracking information next select
your mail class the delivery time and
price for each mail class is displayed
in the additional options section you
can change your package tracking service
ensure your mail piece
choose additional USPS services such as
restricted delivery or Co D enter a
reference number or message that can be
printed on your shipping label set a
cost code to track the cost of postage
if you're going to ship your package at
a later date set that date here for more
label customization options click on
user preferences at the top of the
screen and go to the label customization
section here you can hide the postage
value choose to print your reference
number or message or print a postage
receipt at the same time you print your
shipping label when finished simply
click Save now it's time to print your
shipping label load your label sheet or
plain paper into your printer make
certain your label sheets are loaded
correctly and the correct print tray has
been selected now simply click print
postage congratulations you have just
printed your own custom usps shipping
label with stamps com online if your
label didn't print correctly relax
just click reprint now to reprint your
postage at no additional cost if you
have additional questions please visit
our Learning Center or call customer
care Monday through Friday 6 a.m. to 6
p.m. West Coast time
you